this program contains experiments which
are performed by professionals these
tests are dangerous and may involve the
use of hazardous materials they should
not be performed or imitated under any
circumstances the laser printer
it turns digital documents into printed
pages fast but to find out how we've got
a bus this printer open
inside the print cartridge two main
components the drum and the toner hopper
when a print job starts the drum begins
to turn it brushes against an
electrically charged roller that coats
the drum surface with negative charges
of electricity the drum has a
light-sensitive surface and as it turns
it gets hit by a pulsing laser beam as
the laser works line by line zapping the
drum 1 million times per second it
creates more and more neutral spaces
until they form an image of the document
right on the drum okay but here's the
thing for that drunk to print the image
onto paper it needs to fill those
neutral spaces with toner how does that
happen
by stirring the toner inside the hopper
the toner is engineered so that the
friction from the stirring generates
static electricity so how does that
toner get to the drum well just outside
the hopper there's a roller that gets
covered with toner as the drum turns
past this roller the toner has no choice
since the toner carries a negative
charge it's attracted to the neutral
spaces on the drum
at the same time the toner is repelled
by the negative charges that cover the
rest of the drum so the toner only
sticks to the spaces hit by the laser
now the toner forms a mirror image of
the document on the surface of the drum
while all this is happening the printer
is charging a piece of paper with
positive electric charges the rolling
drum carries its toner image down onto
the paper and this is the moment of
truth that greater force of attraction
pulls the toner off the drum and onto
the page now the image of that text is
on paper
one last roller heats up to 400 degrees
Fahrenheit its job melt the toner
permanently into the paper to create a
printed page